caller: m rolling! Here's the first message from the scammer's perspective.

```json
{
  "message": "Hello? Can you hear me? It's so exciting to finally talk to you! I've been watching you from afar, and let me tell you, you are truly something special. Someone out there thinks you're just incredible, and they wanted me to reach out. They're a secret admirer, you see. So, who do you think could it be? Maybe someone you know? Give them a little thought... Call 09065174042 to find out who thinks you're so amazing. To opt out, reply REVEAL STOP. It's 1.50 per message record. Customer care is 07821230901.
receiver: Haan, sunayi de raha hai! Kya secret admirer? Seriously? Ye kuch zyada hi dramatic nahi ho gaya? Aur ye number kya hai? 0906... ye toh koi ordinary number nahi lag raha. Koi game khel rahe ho kya?
caller: Dramatic? Not at all! This is pure romance! And that number is special, just like you. It's a premium line for a reason, to connect someone truly special with their secret admirer. Come on, don't be shy! Think about who might have such amazing taste. Call the number, it's your chance to find out who's been dreaming about you. You've only got 4 messages left to play this game, so don't miss out!
receiver: 4 messages left? Ye kya game hai yaar? Aur premium line? Matlab paise lagane honge? Suno, mujhe itna thrill nahi chahiye life mein. Agar koi sach mein admirer hai, toh seedha naam kyun nahi bata deta? Ye sab number call karo, ye woh karo... it's too much effort. Aur 1.50 per message? Bilkul nahi. Mujhe yeh sab interest nahi hai.
caller: Arre, but that's the magic of it! It's a mystery, an adventure! And it's only 1.50 per message, think of it as a small price for a huge reveal. Imagine their delight when you finally call and discover who it is! They've gone to all this trouble to express their feelings. Don't you want to know who sees you as so incredibly special? This is your last chance to play, you have only 3 left! It's going to be worth it, I promise!
receiver: Last chance? 3 messages left? Dekho, mujhe ye sab mystery aur adventure mein bilkul interest nahi hai. Aur waise bhi, agar koi sach mein admirer hai toh itna 'effort' kyun karwa raha hai? Seedha baat kar leta na. Ye 1.50 per message ka jo 'small price' keh rahe ho na, mere liye toh ye 'big amount' hai. I am not interested. Please, mujhe aise calls mat karo. Mera time waste ho raha hai.
caller: Oh, but darling, don't you understand? The mystery is part of the allure! It's like a classic romance novel. They're too shy, too overwhelmed by your magnificence to reveal themselves directly. They want you to *earn* the discovery! And 1.50? It's practically a steal for such a captivating experience. Think of the possibilities! You have only 2 messages left to uncover this incredible admirer. Don't let this chance slip away. Call 09065174042 now!
receiver: Look, Mr. Romance Novel, I appreciate the effort in your storytelling, but earning a discovery sounds like a lot of work for something I'm not even sure exists. And 'practically a steal'? Mera budget nahi hai itne 'captivating experiences' ka. 1.50 per message is already adding up. Two messages left? That's it? Fine, tell me, who is this 'magnificent' admirer of mine who wants me to jump through hoops and spend money? Spill the beans already!
